Adds content to button react examples (#7607)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-core/src/components/Button/examples/Button.md

import UploadIcon from '@patternfly/react-icons/dist/esm/icons/upload-icon';
import { Link } from '@reach/router';

## Variants

> PatternFly supports several button styling variants to be used in different scenarios as needed. The following button variants can be assigned using the `variant` prop.

Reviewer: In general is `prop` a common enough abbreviation or should we use `property` instead?

To fit into tight spaces, primary, secondary. tertiary, danger, and warning button variations can be made smaller using the `isSmall` prop.

```ts file="./ButtonSmall.tsx"
```

### Call to action (CTA) buttons

CTA buttons and links direct users to complete an action. Primary, secondary, tertiary, and link button variants can be styled as CTAs using the `isLarge` prop. 

```ts file="./ButtonCallToAction.tsx"
```

### Block level buttons

Block level buttons span the full width of the parent element and can be enabled using the `isBlock` prop.

```ts file="./ButtonBlock.tsx"
```

## Links 

### Links as buttons

Buttons that link to another resource may take the form of primary, secondary, tertiary, or link variants. Use `component="a"` and an `href` prop to designate the button's target link.

```ts file="./ButtonLinks.tsx"
```

### Inline link as span

Inline links should use `component="span"` and the `isInline` prop to wrap inline with surrounding text.

```ts file="./ButtonInlineSpanLink.tsx"
```

### Router link

Router links can be used for in-app linking in React environments to prevent page reloading.

```ts file="./ButtonRouterLink.tsx"
```

## Aria buttons

> Accessible Rich Internet Applications (ARIA) is a set of roles and attributes specified by the [World Wide Web Consortium](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/aria/). ARIA defines ways to make web content and web applications more accessible to people with disabilities.

Reviewer 2: This is looking good! Only comment I have is that rather than wrapping the "World Wide Web Consortium" as the link text, maybe wrapping "Accessible Rich Internet Applications" since the link redirects specifically to a page about ARIA?

> ### Aria disabled buttons

Reviewer: It feels redundant to have all three examples state `Aria disabled button...`, but I'm not sure if titling the subsection `Aria disabled button` would make it clear enough to adjust the repeated example title text. Maybe `Using aria disabled` for the section title? Anyone have thoughts about these names?

Reviewer 2: That's a fair point I think, and is worth aligning on now since there are other components that have/may have examples laid out like this. I feel like if the section was renamed to "Aria-disabled button", the examples could be renamed to something along the lines of "Basic aria-disabled", "With tooltip", and if we still wanted the example, "Link as button with tooltip". The heading levels plus the way the table of contents is laid out should provide the context that these three examples are for "aria disabled buttons".

The only issue with that might be if there were a "basic with tooltip" and "aria-disabled with tooltip" example on a component since we couldn't have two named "with tooltip", but then I think just naming them both as "[type] with tooltip" would work

| Danger | Danger buttons may be used for actions that are potentially destructive or difficult/impossible to undo. Danger is an independent variant, but all button variants may use the the `isDanger` property to apply similar styling. |
| Warning | Warning buttons may be used for actions that change an important setting or behavior, but not in a destructive or irreversible way. |
| Link | Links are labeled, but have no background or border. Use for actions that require less emphasis, actions that navigate users to another page within the same window, and/or actions that navigate to external pages in a new window. Links may be placed inline with text using the `isInline` property.|
| Plain | Plain buttons have no styling and are intended to be labeled with icons. |
| Control | Control buttons can be labeled with text or icons. Primarily intended to be paired with other controls in an [input group](https://www.patternfly.org/v4/components/input-group). | 

#### Disabled buttons

To indicate that an action is currently unavailable, all button variations can be disabled using the `isDisabled` property.

```ts file="./ButtonDisabled.tsx"
```

#### Small buttons

> To fit into tight spaces, primary, secondary. tertiary, danger, and warning button variations can be made smaller using the `isSmall` property.

Reviewer 3: need a comma instead of a period after "secondary"

| Control | Control buttons can be labeled with text or icons. Primarily intended to be paired with other controls in an [input group](https://www.patternfly.org/v4/components/input-group). | 

### Disabled buttons

To indicate that an action is currently unavailable, all button variations can be disabled using the `isDisabled` prop.

```ts file="./ButtonDisabled.tsx"
```

### Progress indicators

Progress indicators can be added to buttons to identify that an action is in progress after a click. 

```ts file="./ButtonProgress.tsx"
```

### Small buttons

To fit into tight spaces, primary, secondary. tertiary, danger, and warning button variations can be made smaller using the `isSmall` prop.

```ts file="./ButtonSmall.tsx"
```

### Call to action (CTA) buttons

CTA buttons and links direct users to complete an action. Primary, secondary, tertiary, and link button variants can be styled as CTAs using the `isLarge` prop. 

```ts file="./ButtonCallToAction.tsx"
```

### Block level buttons

Block level buttons span the full width of the parent element and can be enabled using the `isBlock` prop.

```ts file="./ButtonBlock.tsx"
```

### React button types

> React button types can be changed from default as needed. 

Reviewer 2: If we still wanted to keep this example, I agree.

Before trying to come up with an explanation, though, do we still want to keep this example? Based on the conversation from last week, I would agree that this example may not be necessary for the React library as it's more native button functionality than PatternFly React functionality.

```ts file="./ButtonTypes.tsx"
```

## Links 

### Links as buttons

> Buttons that link to another resource may take the form of primary, secondary, tertiary, or link variants.

Reviewer 2: Maybe something along the lines of:

```suggestion
Buttons that link to another resource may take the form of primary, secondary, tertiary, or link variants. This can be achieved by passing in `component="a"` and an `href` prop.
```

To describe how to use links as buttons.

```ts file="./ButtonLinks.tsx"
```

### Inline link as span

> Inline links should be a span so that it wraps inline with surrounding text.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Inline links should have both `isInline` and `component="span"` passed in so that it wraps inline with surrounding text.
```

```

### Call to action (CTA) buttons

CTA buttons and links direct users to complete an action. Primary, secondary, tertiary, and link button variants can be styled as CTAs using the `isLarge` property. 

```ts file="./ButtonCallToAction.tsx"
```

### Block level buttons

Block level buttons span the full width of the parent element and can be enabled using the `isBlock` property.

```ts file="./ButtonBlock.tsx"
```

### Progress indicators

Progress indicators can be added to buttons to identify that an action is in progress after a click. 

```ts file="./ButtonProgress.tsx"
```

### Links as buttons

Buttons that link to another resource may take the form of primary, secondary, tertiary, or link variants. Use `component="a"` and an `href` property to designate the button's target link.

```ts file="./ButtonLinks.tsx"
```

### Inline link as span

Inline links should use `component="span"` and the `isInline` property to wrap inline with surrounding text.

```ts file="./ButtonInlineSpanLink.tsx"
```

### Router link

Router links can be used for in-app linking in React environments to prevent page reloading.

```ts file="./ButtonRouterLink.tsx"
```

### Aria-disabled examples

> [Accessible Rich Internet Applications (ARIA)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/aria/) is a set of roles and attributes specified by the [World Wide Web Consortium]. ARIA defines ways to make web content and web applications more accessible to people with disabilities.

Reviewer 4: Did you mean to leave the brackets around the w3 text? Or should that be a link?

```suggestion
[Accessible Rich Internet Applications (ARIA)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/aria/) is a set of roles and attributes specified by the [World Wide Web Consortium](https://www.w3.org/). ARIA defines ways to make web content and web applications more accessible to people with disabilities.
```

> Buttons that are aria-disabled are similar to normal disabled buttons, except they can receive focus. Every button variant can be aria disabled using the `isAriaDisabled` property.

Reviewer 4: I'm probably wrong but should these have the same hyphenation (either with or without)? Seems like if they "are" or "can be" a thing, it's the same thing, and it's "aria-disabled" everywhere else<sup>*</sup>.

```suggestion
Buttons that are aria-disabled are similar to normal disabled buttons, except they can receive focus. Every button variant can be aria-disabled using the `isAriaDisabled` property.
```

<sup>*</sup> except for the [aria-disabled button examples](https://patternfly-react-pr-7607.surge.sh/components/button#aria-disabled-examples) - most say "aria disabled", though some just say "disabled" (even though they're aria-disabled). That may be beyond the scope of this PR tho.

Author: For now, I opted to just match everything as aria-disabled in my latest push (at least within the aria section), but that can be changed if it makes sense to do something different!

```ts file="./ButtonAriaDisabled.tsx"
```

> ### With tooltip

Reviewer 4: Hmm... I might expect this to be "Aria-disabled with tooltip", or `#### With tooltip` - a sub-heading of `### Aria-diabled examples`  above

Unlike normal disabled buttons, aria-disabled buttons can support tooltips.

```ts file="./ButtonAriaDisabledTooltip.tsx"
```

> ### Link as button with tooltip

Reviewer 4: Same here as above, either called out as aria-disabled or a sub-heading of the aria-disabled examples. Though this  and the "with tooltip" example could probably also just be combined in a single example, which is how we present the other features of buttons supported by multiple variants.

| Secondary | Secondary buttons are buttons with less visual prominence than primary buttons. Use secondary buttons for general actions on a page, that don’t require as much emphasis as primary button actions. |
| Danger Secondary | If secondary buttons include destructive actions, use a dangery secondary button to indicate this risk.|
| Tertiary | Tertiary buttons are one the least visually prominent buttons and are designed to be less striking than a primary or secondary button, while still retaining a classic button format.  |
| Danger | Danger buttons are the most prominent of all the button options. Use danger buttons for actions a user can take that are potentially destructive or difficult/impossible to undo, like deleting or removing user data. |
| Warning | Warning buttons should be used when an action may chage an important setting or behavior, but not in a destructive or irreversible way. |
| Link | Links buttons are labeled buttons with no background or border. Link buttons can be used for actions that may not need as much emphasis, navigate users to another page within the same window, and/or avigate users to an external page. |

> | External Link | ?|

Author: I'm working on tweaking the table content and I'm wondering if it makes more sense to

> | External Link | ?|

Author: I'm working on tweaking the table content and I'm wondering if it makes more sense to remove what seems to mainly be options within a variant (danger secondary, inline link, danger link), keeping just the main variants in the table. Then mention that you use isDisabled or isInline to signify such alongside later examples, and/or within the table under Danger and Link sections. 

Or maybe it just makes sense as it is in this draft. I'm only worried about having too long of a table or overlapping _too_ much with the content in the design guidelines (especially if we're not going to adjust design guideline content). Curious about people's opinions and what you all think is more useful for devs.

| Inline Link | Inline text can be used as a link button.|
| Danger Link | Danger link are text based, but convey the same urgency as danger buttons.|

> 

Author: Looking on PF now - should I also include the X (close?) and copy symbol (copy to clipboard?) button variants? I overlooked that whole chunk before. What are control variants used for?

### Disabled

> Disable buttons when the action cannot be completed. Every button variant can be disabled.

Reviewer 2: To go off of this comment, Matt, do you think it'd be worth including *how* the buttons can be disabled, e.g. "Disabled styling can be applied to any button variant with the `isDisabled` prop"? This would also apply to other button examples i.e. "aria disabled", "call to action" etc.

I don't particularly have a strong opinion on it, but one argument for including the mention in the description would be it immediately notifies users how to do it without having to go through the entire code in the example. Argument against could be we do already have the props table lower on the page, and the actual code for the example.

```ts file="./ButtonDisabled.tsx"
```

### Aria disabled

> Aria disabled buttons are similar to normal disabled buttons, but can be focused so that a user may select the button using a keyboard. Every button variant can be aria disabled.

Reviewer 2: For this, I'm wondering if "a user may select the button using keyboard" may come off as meaning the button can still be clicked and function. This could also just be me, but just to suggest a tweak on this description:

```suggestion
Buttons that are `aria-disabled` are similar to normal disabled buttons, except they can receive focus. Every button variant can be aria disabled.
```
Mainly included the `aria-disabled` attribute in backticks to signify it's an attribute name, removed the line about "select the button...", and also removed the mention of keyboard since focus can also be placed via mouse (though this might depend if we want to convey only visual focus here).

```ts file="./ButtonAriaDisabled.tsx"
```

### Aria disabled button with tooltip

> Aria disabled buttons can support tooltips.

Reviewer 2: Do you think it would be worth mentioning how normal disabled buttons don't support tooltips? Maybe something along the lines of:

```suggestion
Unlike normal disabled buttons, aria disabled buttons can support tooltips.
```

Or do you feel the description as-is already conveys that?

```ts file="./ButtonAriaDisabledTooltip.tsx"
```

### Aria disabled link as button with tooltip

Aria disabled buttons can operate as links, which support tooltips.

```ts file="./ButtonAriaDisabledLinkTooltip.tsx"

> ```

Reviewer 2: @mcarrano This would most likely be a follow-up issue, but do you think we need both of these examples, or would it make more sense to have a single "aria disabled" example and show several button variants at once as other examples have done?

Reviewer 5: I'd be OK with that. But agree that is a separate issue. @tlabaj @nicolethoen @mcoker what do you think about that?

Reviewer 4: WFM!

Reviewer 6: makes sense

Reviewer 2: Created #7620 for this for now

### Links as buttons

Buttons that link to another resource may take the form of primary, secondary, tertiary, or link variants.

> ```ts file="./ButtonLinks.tsx"

Reviewer 2: Again this would be a follow up issue, but @mcarrano has there been any discussion regarding examples showcasing functionality not relevant to the actual example name/description? This one for example is about "links as buttons", but includes a button that has `isDisabled` which may or may not be relevant. We have several components with examples that do this, so was curious if it was something we'd want to avoid doing/make a separate example for or if it isn't really a huge deal.
